Justin Clark
LA 4: Vertical Align
Grading: Plus Level

1. There are 6 methods in VertAlign.

2. There is no differences in functionality between method1 and method2, 
   they are basically the exact same method just formatted differently.  
   In formatting, method1 uses 4 spaces for indenting blocks, while 
   method2 uses a single space for indenting blocks.  Also, method1 uses 
   a space between variables, operators, etc in its statements... while 
   method2 does not use any spaces between these items.

3. The differences between method1 and method2---in my opinion---make a  
   substantial difference in readability, whereas in method1 you can see 
   what's going on with a quick scan with the eyes, yet with method2 the 
   eyes are put under more strain and cause the reader to expend more 
   energy to figure out the code is doing a simple operation.

4. There is no differences in functionality between method1 and method3, 
   they are basically the exact same method just formatted differently.  
   The formatting is exactly the same between the two functions (except 
   for indentation of the blocks), as method3 uses no indentation 
   whatsoever.  

5. Without the indentation on method3, more effort is needed to see what 
   is going on.

6. There is no differences in functionality between method3 and method4, 
   they are basically the exact same method just formatted differently.  
   There is only one slight difference in formatting.  In method3 the 
   curly brackets at the end of the code blocks are on their own line, 
   while in method4 the terminating brackets for the blocks are on the 
   same line as the last statements within the block.

7. Because the terminating brackets are on the same line as the last 
   statements, it's a harder to find the end of the code blocks.

8. Again, like the rest, there is no difference in the functionality 
   between method1 and method5.  In formatting, we are essentially 
   comparing perfectly formatted code from method1 to an utterly shameful 
   example of how formatting should never be done in method5.  

9. The difference in readability is like comparing apples to scrambled 
   eggs.  Method1 reads like a book, while method5 is just a jumbled mess.       