Justin Clark
PA 6: Tic-Tac-Toe, The Game
Grading: Challenge Level

*  How did you approach (get started with) this assignment?

    After having so much trouble with last week's programming assignment, 
    I decided to start on this week's PA right away before doing anything 
    else.  However, I noticed I was going to need to do the ButtonButton 
    demo to get a feel for using the buttons, so I did get that out of 
    the way.  I then worked through all the various levels of the game, 
    and surprisingly I was able to get all, even the challenge level 
    functionality working on the first day.

*  What design decisions were made?

    I decided that using a array for the button squares was definitely 
    the most important factor to make this program easier to work with.  
    I only added one extra field, for the reset button.  I split up the 
    program by having the actionPerformed() method just check for the 
    button name, then called a separate handler for playing the game vs. 
    resetting the game.  I then broke up my playGame() method into a 
    method that handles all possible winning combinations, and a separate 
    method to handle checking a single winning move.  One design decision 
    I didn't like, but was forced to run with having the winningPlay() 
    method, which returns a boolean, also handle extra work of changing 
    settings on the button squares.  I know this violates a design 
    principle, but it works for the purpose of this assignment, and in 
    the real world I would backlog this version to be refactored in a 
    future release.

*  What works and what doesn't work?

    Everything works.

*  What problems did you encounter as you worked on this assignment?

    I had problem I encountered in this assignment was creating a solution 
    for building the array to hold the buttons.  I couldn't figure out how 
    to use a single algebra formula, but through multiple trial and error 
    attempts I was able to come up with an algorithm to handle it.  In my 
    typical fashion I drew out the what the end solution should look like 
    on paper, and annotated the drawing with the line space size, square 
    size, and the starting points.  Then I tossed some ideas around in my 
    head then started trying variations of loops printing out the array 
    indexes on the buttons, and then watched as the buttons got put all 
    over the place until I finally got it.  All other problems where not 
    significant.

*  What did you learn from this assignment? What would you do differently 
   next time?

    From this assignment I learned that beginning the programming 
    assignment early, without completing all the rest of the week's 
    reading, demos, and other assignments can be beneficial.  However, 
    I'll have to be mindful of not wasting too much time on the PA without 
    sacrificing the assignments that are due earlier.